# OOPP Group 73: Agenda

Date:           28.02.2023
Main focus:     Roadmap Creation and Getting Proper Work Started
Chair:          Jannes
Note taker:     Samuel

## Opening

Any remarks before starting?

## Approval of the agenda

Does anyone have any additions?

## Points of action

- Jens
    - If Jens is present get him caught up
    - If missing he is out for good
- Discuss backlog feedback (with TA)
- Ask TA if code of conduct is good now
- Share and discuss mockups of app
- Discuss creation of a roadmap (Order of tasks)
    - App gui, App logic, Server, DB
    - Which can we already start for next week without backlog
        - DB schema?
        - OOP class structure?
        - Core app logic?
- Git assignment
- How to structure merge request feedback?
    - Template?
## Action points for next week (Scrum board)

- Who is next chairman
- Who is next minute taker
- More points TBD in this meeting

## Question round

- Do we want to meet on thursday?
- Any final questions?

## Closing

Have a good week!

# Minutes

**Meeting started at 28-2-23 @ 14:44 (UTC+1)**
#### Jens
- If Jens is a no-show then he is out for good :)
	- We can adjust our COC to just be for 5 people.
	- Get the green from our TA that he officially isn't in our course before we take any action.

#### Conclusion on discussion backlog
- All required features are summarized in one epic, but for every advanced feature they all become their own epic.
- The "professional" user is redundant. Simply have a user that works on their own and a collaborative user.

#### COC
- Edit COC halfway through course to meet the requirement for making it a live-document.

#### Collaboration
- Everyone needs to work on everything at least once - You need to have contact with everything in the project.
- Switch up every couple of weeks. So server -> client and client -> server.
	- Work on client and server in parallel.
- Maybe after a couple of weeks if you're confident enough you can work on a feature by your own, but in the beginning try to work together.

#### Git collaboration
- Based on the official backlog -> make issues -> create branch for those issues -> work on these branches.
- Your main branch is supposed to always work; your dev branch will be the most up-to-date but doesn't have to necessarily pass the pipeline for example. 

#### Contribution each week
- Every week you will need a meaningful merge request.
	- This can be like fixing bugs.
	- Adding a single class for tasks for example.
	- They don't need to necessarily be big.
- We need to have a project that runs every week that we can show.
- Issues will be used to figure out what you need to implement.

#### Backlog
- Each user story in the backlog basically is their own issue
	- Each acceptance criteria will basically be part of the checklist of that issue
	
#### Tasks this week
- For this week maybe start working on a mock controller or like a small UI.

#### Comments
- Long blocks of nice and neat comments rather than lots of small comments.

#### Reviews
- For reviews there should always be something to say or like a discussion even if you agree with everything. You can't just say "looks good 👍".

#### Mockups
- Make a separate mockup for each epic.
- Separate mockup part at the end of backlog where you reference to an epic.
- Don't show like an entire application in a mockup, but be very specific.
- They can be drawn but make it visually appealing.
	- Basically don't draw by hand, just go digital.
#### Introduction: examples
- Samuel ~ Make a single spring boot example
- Split up the group to learn stuff and get introduced to stuff

#### Next week
- Minute taker
	- Tejas
- Chairman
	- Rafayel
**Meeting ended at 28-2-23 @ 15:19 (UTC+1)**
