# OOPP Group 73: Agenda



Date: 21.02.2023

Main focus: Discussing the backlog and code of conduct

Chair: Danylo

Note taker: Rafayel

## Opening

- Relaxed week
- Communication - haven’t heard from some members
- Google calendar - meeting descriptions

## Check-in - How is everyone doing?
- Has everyone looked into git? - save questions for end of meeting
- Does anyone have any remarks before we start?



## Approval of the agenda

Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?

## Approval minutes
Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?



## Points of action

### Agenda-item 1 - Finalizing chairman - Rotation?
*Discuss pros and cons*
- Juggling organizational work will be hard in crunch time
- More even distribution of workload
- Consistency & Reliability

### Agenda-item 2 - Agenda/Meeting goals
*Discuss what meetings will be for*
- Only decision making - we meet to make decisions and occasionally to coordinate our efforts
- We meet to work together and help each other
- Hybrid combo - Tuesday is the sprint day
### Agenda-item 3 - Burndown chart / other organizational techniques
*Will we be utilizing a Burndown Chart for sprints?*
- Super short sprints so effort may not be worth it (I’m willing)
- Does the group want more specific organizational structures besides the calendar?
### Agenda-item 4 - Q&A Prep
*How will we get picked*
- Who wants to be the minute taker (for all questions)
- Who prepares questions
- Sit together


## Summary action points
Who, what, when? What have we covered?

## Feedback round
What went well and what can be improved next time?
Everybody gives input

## Question round
Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?

## Closure
Have a good week!

# Minutes
### Opening by chair
- Meeting is opened at 14:47
- Contributing after is totally okay - full participation of team members is encouraged
- Everybody has a personal repository, but it's empty - assignment not ready yet?
### Finalizing Chairman
- D. suggests that he wants to take the organizational part of the project, as he is less experienced.
- We're keeping D. as chairman
### Agenda/Meeting Goals
- The meetings will be for the standup meetings, after we can work together if there's a need.
- Thursday 22-2 meeting @14:00
### Burndown Chart / other organizational techniques
- We will need to use the "Project" tab in GitLab
### Q&A Prep
- Minute taker: Everybody just adds notes to a google document
- Question preparation: During the meetings
### Extra points
- If we want feedback, we should ask the TA Backlog should contain user stories
### Checkstyle
- Being strict on code style is important ~ Samuel
- 10 Common Code Values Including a JavaDoc for every method and class
- Always using CamelCase Cyclomatic complexity < 6 Brackets on the same line
- Spaces between operators, brackets, after comma's
- Blank line before a function, 2 blank lines before a class
- Everything we don't need to change must be final or constant
- Unambigous variable names
- No field access, getters and setters for all the attributes
- Max. 10 parameters in a method
### Summary
- D. -> Chairman
- Meet for decision making and checking in, working is individual
- Burndown chart -> Not necessary
- Being more strict on what we discuss
- Next meeting
- *Check Backlog-draft feedback*
- Check up on Git Assignment
- * Discuss some user stories everyone thinks of this week
    Meeting adjourned @ 15:34