# OOPP Agenda Group 73
Date: 07.03.2023

Main focus: Coding progress

Chair: Rafayel

Note taker: Tejas

## Opening
Any remarks before starting?

- Jens will be out by the end of the week. 
- Don't forget to do buddy check. 
- Also keep the weekly meaningful MR deadline in mind.

Do we have a meeting next week?
- No. You have exams. Focus on them

Are we supposed to use time tracking? 
- It's very good if you do that as it shows up in milestones and is very nice

Can we use other dependencies in our project?
- You can use Lombok (for getters and setters etc), Mockito, OpenAPI. (These were the ones explicitly mentioned)

## Approval of the agenda
Does anyone have any additions?

## Points of action
- Was everyone on time with the Git Assignment? (2 min)
Danylo and I (Tejas) had failed it but have both fixed it now.

- Do we want a better tutorial session about Spring and JFX for everyone to understand the frameworks better? (3 min)
	- Don't feel something explicit is needed. We can continue helping each other where ever needed as we have been doing so far


- Coding progress (10 min)
	- Discuss any feedback from TA
		- Doing well in terms of code. At latest, merge everything by Sunday evening

		- Keep a single development branch instead of seperate branches for server and client

		- Comments and reviews -
			- You may not have the same level of knowledge but still try to be more involved. 
			- Do more reviews. 
			- Asking what something is also a review.

		- Can do inline comments with the code and then make a proper summary at the end as a single block.

		- Try to implement the basic things first before moving to the advanced features though that may be tempting

		- Try to keep track of what everyone is doing and balance the load.

	- Make issues more descriptive. 
	- Will also recieve feedback on how we use issues etc from next week
		- EER Schema
		- Is our MR process good or are there any improvements?
	- Does everyone have an issue to work on until Friday (meaningful MR deadline)
		- Will create more issues after this meeting
		- Will switch up roles 
			- Jannes, Danylo and Rafael - Spring
			- Samuel and me (Tejas) - JavaFX

	- Merge Requests / Code Review process evaluation

	- **Server** progress

		- Controllers - Card, Column and Board Controllers are ready. 
		- Testing still needs to be done
	
	- **Client** progress

		- D - Set up a dummy front end. Buttons redirected
		- J - Have a single board. Add column works

		- R  Made the Card, Column, Board, Tag classes.
	  		 Set up the database properly 

- *Social aspect* - plan a team-building activity (10 min)
	- For team-building, lets do some fun activity. It'll make us a better team

- Any Other Business (A.O.B.) (5 min)
	- Recap: What all will we do in the coming week?
		- Continue implementing the interface
		- Linking client and server
		- Since we will be switching roles, lets sit after this meeting and get each other up to speed on what we've done and what we were planning so that others can continue working from there 

Samuel - Keep just one stage and use overlays instead of opening new stages as that can quickly get chaotic.

## Action points for next week
- Who will be the chairman / minute taker
	- Chairman - Samuel
	- Minute taker - Danylo

- Agenda points for the next meeting
	- We'll specify it later

## Question round
* Do we want to meet on thursday?
	- Will decide if needed tomorrow
	- S - won't be there from 3 to 4

* Any final questions?

	- FXML is configured for jdk 19. keeps throwing warning which is annoying

	- Should we keep a minimum testing coverage requirement?
		- Yes. 80% excluding client side
		- How to test JavaFX?

## Closing
Have a good week!
