## OOPP Agenda Group 73
---

Date:           21-3-23\
Main focus:     Heuristic usability evaluation report\
Chair:          Samuel\
Note taker:     Danylo


# Opening
Any remarks before starting?

# Approval of the agenda
Anything that was missed or someone wants to add to the agenda?

# Points of action
- Show app to TA
- Catch up on how the past week has been with the project
- - Where are we right now
- - How much time left till deadlines?
- - What advanced features do we want to prioritize? 
- - Heuristic usability evaluation report
- - Find another group to do this with
- - Do we want to meet up for this?
- - What do we need to do?

# Action points for next week
- The next chairman
- The next minute taker
- More points TBD in this meeting

# Any other business
- Thursday meeting?

# Questions for the TA
- Discuss build server time - why is it 3 minutes?

# Question round
*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

# Closing
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*


## Minutes

- Find a group to link with for HUE. We will find a group on our own 
- We need to use the model for buddychecks for next buddycheck. 
- Find examples for "technology usage" rubric 
- We will meet on Thursday to go over the HUE report together. 
- Wednesday: review, Thursday: write report
- Reduce the build server time to under 3 minutes (if we are instructed to do so, ask Sebastian)
- Server: Tejas, Jannes
- Client: Rafayel - drag and drop, Danylo - styling
- Tying server/client - Samuel
- Merge request sizes are alright, nothing extreme 
- Start using time - tracking


